# Installation instructions

This lists the steps you should only have to do once on the initial install.

## Requirements

Subject to change:

* Django from subversion.
* Curl for Win32.
* LDAP server for retrieving parties that may own or use things.
* Linux server for central server. Other platforms may work, but not supported.

Warning: Database schema is currently experimental and subject to change.

## Quick start

1. [[download|downloading]] and unpack source code.
2. cd into source directory.
3. copy sample/settings-template.py to sample/settings.py and modify settings at top. In particular you *must*
change the LDAP settings or nothing will work.
4. Update sample/rundemo with path to django from subversion. Note: when setting up the database, django
will ask you if you want to setup an admin user. This is a good thing. However it will also ask you
for a password - this password is not used as Lintory uses LDAP for authentication.
5. Run sample/rundemo:

        sample/rundemo runserver

## Long term setup

This setup is not idea for production use. The ideal is to use a real
webserver in some fashion. See Django documentation for details.

You will need to put the lintory directory in your python search
path somehow.

## Windows client computers

1. Download Win32 version of curl from <http://curl.haxx.se/download.html>. Get
a version with SSL support.
2. Extract *.exe and *.dll files and put into scripts directory.
3. Export scripts directory and make available to Windows clients, eg. via
Samba.
4. Update scripts/windows/get_and_upload.cmd. In particular, the LUTILS line
will need to be updated, and the parameters to curl will need adjusting.
5. The script you just edited just runs get_lintory.vbs, writes the results to
a file, and then uses a HTTP PUT request to send them to the server. Using
https is recommended for increased security - you can be sure you are sending
the data to the corrrect server).
6. Run this script. Or put script in domain login, to have it execute
automatically on login.

## Limitations

For limitations you need to know about, see the [[limitations]] page.

## Usage

For day-to-day usage instructions, see [[usage]]
